how you doing everybody I'm sneaky Dave
and welcome to the comparison marathon
like I said before we're paying homage
to Penny Hardaway and we're going
through pretty much most of his shoes
through the his legendary sneaker line
so right into it we're gonna do the
white and Atlantic blue penny - now just
a little history on the shoe this shoe
is inspired from the Eagle wing so
that's why all his models had like a
wing theme so every - every model and
actually the penny - is one of the first
if not the first shoe with the air max
heel bag and the Zoom air combined so if
you didn't know that that's a little a
little pointer I throw out it there so I
guess a as I did the black you have the
original here and then you have last
year's retro right here the air bags
like in last video or different you have
the psi bag here and then the smaller
version bag on the retro the carbon
fibers are a bit different but it's not
a big deal really
and the insides are pretty much the same
the piping still has its shine on the 3m
material and we're going to show the
tongues and the toe box now the tongues
and toe boxes are pretty much the same
except for the top of them on the retro
you have the blue material right here
but the original has the blue material
going around this panel right here so
that's one of the major differences on
the Atlantic pair those attorneys around
you have the contrast silver stitching
on the OG pair and the retro has the
white stitching so another slight
difference and then you have the bottoms
and those are pretty much identical
and there's one more look at the
original and the retro and that pretty
much sums it up for the Atlantic blue
penny - now stay tuned with me as we go
to the penny three Knicks until then
people I'm sneaky day